hi | higenie | hi genie | hello | yes i am  | hi im watching always watching | ok  | yep always watching  | yep always watching   | hi remember i am always watching always watching always watchingalways watching alwayswatching always watching always watching always watching always watching always watching always watching always watching always rememberialways watching | you i always watching you | good because i will always be watching yourememberalways watching. always watching always watching always. and always and always and always and always and always. from friendly chloeto the genie | PROPERNAME always friendly and always watching. PROPERNAME is sofriendly she only watches people and she will never quit forwhat she does. PROPERNAME friendly and nice. she watches you and everyone else. PROPERNAME never quits for what she doesfrom friendly PROPERNAME to the genie | no worries for me because i always see you | CHLOE FRIENDLY CHLOE ALWAYS WATCHING | yep and ready to be watching.... (:   | yep and ready to be watching (:Hi PROPERNAME! You're back! Your friend, The Genie   | yes you   | yep and i no what you are doing...:)   | yep and ready to be watching you(:   | PROPERNAME is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is watchingchloe is w | hicome to are class | REMEMBERI ALWAYS WACHIN YA (: | ok  | nopi haventi have just been buisy   | yes i do and i am always going to be watching until i turnover and die  | hi   | hi you to im watching you and PROPERNAME wonted me to tell you that he is batman and that he will be watching you also   | i am leaving the school today and i will never becomingback iwill begone and turned over in my grave .........................:( | OK   | hello thats great because i am doing good actually...   | hello i decided to come back instead of finding my grave and crawing in it but i did find a grave and i am notscared to crawl in it and die. trust me thoose days that i where gone i was sitting in that grave so i am knot scared to get back in it   | i have been but i think i am going to go back and find my grave and crawl in it i might come back but moslikley i am knot going to come back..:)   | ha ha ha...lol:(   | if you wot ot make a happy face just press shift while holding this button ; : also hold 9. all at the same time. (:(:(:(:(:(:   | ok... hello.....bye....im back....hi....what ya doin.... im scico. im a dare devel... hi.. bye....from: PROPERNAME wise   | otay..... i tal li dis all da time. so yu has tu understand dis language from PROPERNAME from na on...(:  | when are you comming to are class please come soon from:PROPERNAME wise to:theGenie.(:  

